docs: fix more spelling mistakes DOC-1746 (#6613)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/local-ui/cluster-management/share-auth.md

---
sidebar_label: "Share Local UI Authentication"
title: "Share Local UI Authentication"

> description: "Learn how to integration your application and have your application share Local UI authentication token."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to integrate your application and have your application share the Local UI authentication token."
```
